h1. Mediawiki WordPress.org Codex Skin clone

p. This is a MediaWiki skin that clones the "WordPress.org Codex":http://wordpress.org/ theme.
*ALL* credit is due to the theme authors of the WordPress.org Codex since it's their work 
and I just made into a public Mediawiki skin.

p. As far as I can tell, the theme falls under the same "GPL Licensing":http://codex.wordpress.org
as the rest of the Codex content.
If I am wrong about this, please let me know so I can honor it.

h2. About The Codex Skin

p. I ported the skin for a personal project I am working on and needed a localhost MediaWiki.
Since I spend a ton of time sifting through and making contributions where I can to the *WordPress.org Codex*, 
I thought it would be much easier if my localhost wiki looked like the WordPress Codex 
since it's a format I'm familiar with viewing.

p. While I was at it and since I had no luck finding a **WordPress Codex Skin Clone**, 
I figured I'd share what I had come up with with the rest of those out there who just 
love the familiar look of the Codex.
So here you have it, the *Codex Skin clone*.

h2. Feedback

p. Issue tracking on GitHub is by far the easiest way to make suggestions and report problems 
since it allows me to check items off and keep things organized.
This is my first MediaWiki Skin, so I heavily-altered the *MonoBook* skin which provided the
base example code to work with and then I cleaned the code up while integrating the Codex design.
With that being said, there's bound to be issues such as things I missed, things I may have gotten wrong, 
or perhaps there's better practices that those who are much more savvy at Skinning Mediawiki than I am know of.

p. This was a quick project and therefore your feedback is important in getting these things ironed out.
